Subdivide dialog article (#1547)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/develop/dialog-video.md

---
title: Use the Office Dialog to show a video
description: 'Shows how to open a video in the Office Dialog'
ms.date: 01/16/2020
localization_priority: Normal
---

# Use the Office Dialog to show a video

> [!NOTE]
> This article presupposes that you are familiar with the basics of using the Office Dialog as described in [Use the Dialog API in your Office Add-ins](dialog-api-in-office-add-ins.md).

To show a video in a dialog box with the Office Dialog API take these steps:

> 1. Create a page whose only content is an iframe. (The page must be in the same domain as the host page.) The `src` attribute of the iframe points to an online video. The protocol of the video's URL must be HTTP**S**. In this article we'll call this page "video.dialogbox.html". The following is an example of the markup:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a page whose only content is an iframe. (The page must be in the same domain as the host page.) The `src` attribute of the iframe points to an online video. The protocol of the video's URL must be HTTPS. In this article we'll call this page "video.dialogbox.html". The following is an example of the markup:
```

---
title: Use the Office dialog box to show a video
description: 'Shows how to open a video in the Office dialog box'
ms.date: 01/25/2020
localization_priority: Normal
---

> # Use the Office dialog box to show a video

Author: Yes.
